Update README.md (#3)
InfluxCommunity/influxdb3-python-cli: README.md

# influxdb3-python-cli
## About
This repository contains a CLI extension to the [influxdb 3.0 python client library](https://github.com/InfluxCommunity/influxdb3-python). While this code is built on officially supported APIs, the library and CLI here are not officially support by InfluxData. 

## Install
To install the CLI, enter the following command in your terminal:

```bash
python3 -m pip install influxdb3-python-cli
```

> ***Note: Use sudo if you would like to directly install the client onto your path. Otherwise use the `--user` flag.**

Author: ```suggestion

### Scope and privileges

Python provides the following methods for installing packages within a specific scope:

- To isolate the CLI (and its dependencies) to your project directory, install the CLI in a _virtual environment_. [See how to create and use a `venv` or `conda` Python virtual environment](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/cloud-serverless/query-data/execute-queries/flight-sql/python/#create-a-python-virtual-environment).
- To install the client to a user-specific directory (without administrative rights), pass the `--user` flag in the `pip` command.
- To install the client in your system-wide path, use `sudo` with admin privileges.
```

To exit a prompt, enter `exit`.

## Write from a file

The InfluxDB CLI and client library can write data from a CSV file.
The CSV file must contain the following:

- A header row with column names
- A column that contains a timestamp for each row

The following CLI options specify how data is parsed:

* `--file` - The path to the csv file.
* `--time` - The name of the column containing the timestamp.
* `--measurement` - The name of the measurment to store the CSV data under. (Currently only supports user specified string)
* `--tags` - (optional) Specify an array of column names to use as tags. (Currently only supports user specified strings) for example: `--tags=host,region`

> The following example shows how to write CSV data from a `./Examples/example.csv` file to InfluxDB (as line protocol):

Author: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to write CSV data from the [`./Examples/example.csv` file](https://github.com/InfluxCommunity/influxdb3-python/blob/main/Examples/example.csv) to InfluxDB (as line protocol):
```
